Upload files to GitHub RepositoryBy: Kate Goodall      GitHub allows the user to upload projects on a central site giving other members access to the code and the ability make changes. This is especially useful when collaborating and fixing code issues. GitHub also tracks all changes made to the code allowing users to revert back to a specific instance if any issues need to be addressed. The following is a list of steps on how to upload code files onto the GitHub site manually.
1. If your code is still open in the code editor, make sure all changes have been saved.2. Open your preferred internet browsero In the address bar, type https://github.io, press return (Mac) or Enter (Windows)3. Move the cursor to the upper right corner:o If you have an account: Select Sign In, enter your Username or Email address, Password, and click the green Sign In button.ORo If you do not have an account: Select Sign Up and follow the prompts on the screen to create an account. Return to this step after you create your account.4. To create a new repository:o Move the cursor to the top right corner of the page, from the + dropdown menu, select New repository.ORo Select the green New button from the left sidebarOR5. Type the name of your repositoryo If you are creating a personal website, title the repository YourUserName.github.ioNote: selecting Private settings will disable GitHub’s free account functions6. Scroll to the bottom of the page, click the green Create Repository button7. Select Uploading an existing file located within the blue box on the top of the page.8. To upload code files:o Navigate to your code files located on your desktop, select all relevant files, drag and drop files onto Drag files here to add them to your repository on the GitHub web pageORSelect Choose your files, navigate to and select relevant code files, 9. In the file notes, add any comments necessary to describe the changes, or leave blank.10. Click the green button that says Commit11. Once the files have uploaded, navigate to settings on the top right menu12.  click Pages on the left side bar menu13. Click on “Visit Page”.
Reflection SummaryI chose to upload to GitHub from a very beginner audience, those with minimal coding skills perhaps, who could create accounts and drag and drop files with ease. I chose minimal styling, keeping the title and headings distinctive and in line with accessibility functions. The table helps to keep the steps formatted and the screenshots neatly organized. I tried to keep a minimal accent palate, using just red boxes and arrows, to maintain consistency and give the audience something to recognize and look for in each shot. With the style manual in mind, I used bullet points if there were subtasks and kept a 3-step max to each task. Each image has alt text to also help with accessibility. I tried to create this in steps, hoping to give fresh editing each time.